Faq additions (#124)
configcat/docs: website/docs/faq.md

A collection of frequently asked questions.

## General
### Learning how ConfigCat can work with your product

> You can book a free demo session [here](https://calendly.com/configcat), where we'll show you how to use ConfigCat, as well as answer your questions.

Reviewer: the correct link is https://calendly.com/configcat/demo

All the invoices we issued are available for download from the [Billing & Invoices page.](https://app.configcat.com/organization/billing).
You need to have a [Billing Manager](organization.md/#billing-manager-role) role to access the Billing & Invoices page.

### Is it possible to pay via wire transfer?

> Credit card via ChargeBee is preferred, but wire transfer is also an option for those who want it. Contact us directly for this process. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using a credit card via the ConfigCat Dashboard is the preferred way of payment, but a wire transfer is also an option in our larger subscription plans. Contact us directly for this process. 
```

Add a link to the support page please: https://configcat.com/support/

### How do I upgrade / downgrade my billing plan?
You can change your billing plan on the [Plans](https://app.configcat.com/organization/plans) page.
You need to have a [Billing Manager](organization.md/#billing-manager-role) role to access the Plans page.

### Can I get a discounted rate?

> This is possible if you join our partnership program. Contact us directly for more information.

Reviewer 2: or via referrals: https://configcat.com/referrals/

Go to the [Billing & Invoices page.](https://app.configcat.com/organization/billing) and click the `Update billing details` link.
You need to have a [Billing Manager](organization.md/#billing-manager-role) role to access the Billing & Invoices page.

### The ChargeBee payment gets stuck | Throws an error

> If you're using Firefox, try switching to a Chromium-based browser that has extensions turned off. If this doesn't work, contact us for help. 

Reviewer 2: link to support page

You need to have a [Billing Manager](organization.md#billing-manager-role) role to access the Plans page.

## Security
### Are you ISO certified? 
We can proudly say that as of 2022 May 31, ConfigCat has achieved the ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification for Information Security Management Systems (ISMS).

> ### I'm configuring my firewall, which addresses should I whitelist?

Reviewer 2: This list might be outdated, ask Lali please.
Or reference a page with the up to date URLs.

If possible, you can allow the whole "configcat.com" domain. Alternatively, you can manually whitelist the following addresses:
- Global CDN: https://cdn-global.configcat.com
- EU CDN: https://cdn-eu.configcat.com
- The Public Management API: https://api.configcat.com
- The Dashboard URL: https://app.configcat.com
- API that serves the Dashboard: https://dashboard-api.configcat.com

> ### I can't log in to ConfigCat, because I forgot my 2FA (Two-factor authentication) code.

Reviewer 2: What happened here? The original answers were right.

Author: I just moved that line lower down, git formatted the change weirdly, but it's still in the text in its original form

### Is there a way to allow a group access to only one config rather than all of them?
Config access can't be specified in one Product, but you can split your configs into multiple products, each with the necessary permission settings.

### I cannot access my account using google sign-in.
Browser extensions can interfere with this. Please disable all browser extensions and try again. 

## Privacy
### How can I be sure, that my data is safe?
The feature flag evaluation is done on the client-side in the ConfigCat SDK. So if you are using the SDK, you can be sure that your data will never leave your system.

See our the architecture explained [here](https://configcat.com/architecture/).

### Can we sign a data processing agreement with you?
Yes, we have no trouble signing a data processing agreement (DPA).

### Which data do you process | store from browsers accessing the CDN to pull feature toggles?
We don't store anything from browsers. The data flow is one directional - the SDKs are only downloading the config.json files and the feature flag evaluation happens in the SDK. ConfigCat doesn't know anything about your users, only those data which you set in your targeting rules.

> ### Where are you processing and saving this data?

Reviewer 2: Please remove, this is a security risk.

We are using DigitalOcean and Linode.

### Is data hosted only within the EU?

> Our main infrastructure and database is in the EU, but CDN servers are located both in the EU and globally.

Reviewer 2: You can set where you want us to keep your data blah blah

### What is the Zombie (Stale) Flags Report?
The [Zombie (Stale) Flags Report](https://app.configcat.com/my-account/zombie-flags-report) is a list of all feature flags that are not changed in the last (configurable) number of days. You can use this report to identify and remove stale feature flags from your source code. This report is weekly emailed to you. You can set your [email preferences here](https://app.configcat.com/my-account/zombie-flags-report).

### I am not getting the Zombie Feature Flag email report. What am I doing wrong?

> You can change the frequency, criteria and scope of the ZFFR from the dashboard. 

Reviewer 2: no ZFFR please, we need the keywords

**Note:** Please be aware that feature flags are only treated as zombie flags if they haven't been modified (with save & publish) in the past configured timeframe. It currently doesn't have any connection with your real usage in your code. 

### How to avoid technical debt caused by feature flags?
The [ConfigCat CLI](/advanced/code-references/overview) can scan your code, upload code references to the [ConfigCat Dashboard](https://app.configcat.com/) and notify you about stale feature flags.
![Code references screenshot](/assets/cli/code-refs.png)

### Is there a way to compare flag statuses between two or more environments?
Yes, you can see the state of all your Feature Flags across all your environments in our simplified [overview](https://app.configcat.com/overview).

## Joining an Organization
### Is there an expiration date for sent invitations?
Invitations are valid for 14 days by default, but you can re-send them anytime to extend their expiration.

### I can't see the organization that I just joined

> If you created a new account before joining an organization via an invite (like that's send by your company via email), then ConfigCat automatically created a free organization for you.

Reviewer 2: In this case, it is likely that a duplicate organization is created for you

> You can still join other organizations, but in case you're not using the free organization that comes with your new account, it's best that you delete the free org to eliminate confusion.

Reviewer 2: I don't get this sentence, could be simpler:
Once you find the proper organization where you are supposed to be, we recommend deleting the duplicate. Link: https://app.configcat.com/organization/preferences
But please make sure, you aren't deleting the proper one.

> You can still join other organizations, but in case you're not using the free organization that comes with your new account, it's best that you delete the free org to eliminate confusion.

Reviewer 2: I don't get this sentence, could be simpler:
Once you find the proper organization where you are supposed to be, we recommend deleting the duplicate. Link: https://app.configcat.com/organization/preferences
But please make sure, you aren't deleting the proper one.

> ## Technical Ones

Reviewer 2: Rename question could be here IMO
